# September 8, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker:

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Thoburn (CT)

### Guests


## Action Items from last meeting:

- we should audit the RFCs advancement pipeline and make sure nothing has been lost
- develop communication strategy for the Graph Diffing

### RFC Review
- Give a short status update

### Typescript
- Give a short status update

### Maintenance

- Give a short status update
- Any tasks that would be good to surface for community contribution?

### Documentation

- Give a short status update
- Any tasks that would be good to surface for community contribution?

## Actions Items

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
