# 2024-01-30

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Andrey Mikhaylov

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [ ] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [x] Andrey Mikhaylov (AM)

## Topics

### strange issues with template-complier when testing vite on a real app - apparently fixed with ember-source 5.6 <@mansona>

- CM: do we need to tell people who are trying vite with their own apps to just use `ember-source@beta`?
- EF: yes we think the current state of main is that it requires the beta, we think we can expand support but that work will happen later

### embroider codemod scope app vs v1 addon vs v2 addon <@void_mAlex>

- (discussion of using the codemod with addons)
- (discussion about using resolve from the module-resolver)
- 


