# 2023-10-24

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [x] Andrey Mikhaylov (AM)
- [x] Nick Schot (NC)
- [x] Ignace
- [x] Patricklx
- [x] tommyjr

## Topics

### should we provide a better way to register a testem middleware for v2 addons? We can‚Äôt do it directly in our config because apparently ember-cli overrides instead of adding to the list üôà https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1641#issuecomment-1768665632 <@mansona>

- (summary of the issue)
- EF: this is a similar problem for AST transforms - an app can't specify these things
- there is a potential improvement here to expose the middlewares from ember-cli and you specify them in your testem config
- we don't need a feature flag because we can opt in by noticing that our stuff is in the testem config
- KG: this would need an RFC
- CM: I'll try to move this forward

### `<template>` tag ‚Äúopen questions‚Äù from last year <@chancancode>

- whitespace
  - GC: now that we have nested in the template we have added at least an extra 2
  - proposal: compress whitespace in template tag (i.e. html compression)
  - EF: does the handlebars whitespace feature still work?
  - KG: no it's a curly feature
  - EF: you need a way to specify whitespace control in the JS representation
  - you could retcon the strict mode for hbs to do whitespace compression
  - this is either an addition to strict mode or a new mode


- runtime API
  - bringing back an idea from the original RFC
  - EF: this is a subtle enough change that we can do it without changing the RFC
  - GC: I'll open a PR to the RFC to document
  
- moduleName
  - GC: should we turn off the moduleName by default
  - EF: template-tag makes sense to drop module name because it's not 1-1 for modules
  - GC: we can implement it as a pragma
  - i'll do a PR to the RFC for this too

### Do we have permissions for ember-cli-deprecation-workflow? Should that be under the tooling team? <@mansona>
Or should we adopt the addon? <@lolmaus>
https://github.com/mixonic/ember-cli-deprecation-workflow/pull/158
https://github.com/mixonic/ember-cli-deprecation-workflow/pull/159

- EF: we can ask matt if he's happy to transfer
- CM: I'll do that

### eslint-plugin-ember and ember-template-lint sitch <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: we have enough access to commit
- give existing maintainers enough time to respond to requests before we start taking over

### type imports, babel, content-tag, etc, <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: this is the core of the problem: https://github.com/emberjs/babel-plugin-ember-template-compilation/pull/30
- I'm working on a PR to @babel/plugin-transform-typescript to move the work to `programExit` that will fix this from upstream


### remove volta from CI (again) https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1594 <@mansona>

- (discussion)
- EF: happy to continue down this line if we remove the volta blocks and add a `.npmrc` that pins the node version


