# 2024-07-01

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)
- [x] Ignace Maes (IM)
- [x] Drisdel

## Topics


### Community Survey update <@ignacemaes>

- TL;DR: it just needs to be compiled still and put on website

### EmberData 5.3.4 release and deprecations not visible in API docs <@jaredgalanis>

- JG: warpdrive references have started showing up in the docs but some of the links are broken
- this will be a bigger problem when 5.4 comes out
- CM: when will 5.4 come out? 
- JG: soon, but not sure
- not sure if it means next week

### update the website to merge the ember-cli and Embroider teams into the Tooling team <@mansona>

- CM: not sure why this hasn't happened
- (discussion)
- CM: I think I'll just create the PR and get a bunch of people to approve
- AG: what about the rfcs readme, is that our job to fix?
- CM: I guess ü§∑
- AG: maybe encourage the tooling team to review
- JW: if you open a PR add a timeline on it so that we don't wait forever
- 

### Ember Marketing Efforts <@mansona>

Temporary note taker: Anne-Greeth

We discussed marketing efforts during EmberConf all-hands, CM has notes of this. 
During a Mainmatter all-hands they created an Ember Marketing pipeline.
Topic generation
Topic pool processing
Output media
Uplift & measurements
JG: Was this created with Ember at mind or with Mainmatter marketing in mind. CM says it was focussed on Ember.
AG‚Äôs concern is that we are spending energy creating a plan we cannot excute now and have to redo this discussion in 3 months
JG: you are probably right but if we don‚Äôt discuss it will definitely not happen
CM: Topic marketing comes back to us, because of Times, docs & website. We need to do marketing work now, because we are at a critical point in EmberJS‚Äô lifecycle.
JG: Not all of this has to be done be us, our team. There are people out there who can do things like appear on podcasts, blogposts etc. 
CM: we should be driving, not doing this.
JW: We need some more strategic roadmap here for this effort. Suggestion: Anything we‚Äôre working on we test against this strategy, does it help with this?
AG: I think this is a valid idea, but currently all the things match against this strategy and are important. So this might not help right now. We are doing a lot of keeping the lights on.
JW: What‚Äôs an output that goes beyond this team?
CM: It should always be driven from the ‚Äúoutput‚Äù side and pull from there.
AG will propose an all hands remote in august, with hopefully as many people joining from core-meta as possible.
JG: EmberTimes is more internal focussed, the graph might be more focussed on the outside world. We can also do more marketing of our internal process
